
"Learning another language is not only learning different words for the same things, but learning another way to think about things." ~ Flora Lewis

Taleek was founded in 2020 as an application based on decades of experience, and with a sole vision to enlighten the world and promote learning a variety of languages through our learning programs. At Taleek we understand and are fully committed to solving the real-time linguistic challenges experienced by people by the provision of high quality, individualized modern and innovative practices with professionalism, dignity, and respect.

The world has become a global village. Language plays a vital role when it comes to socializing or required expertise for several tasks. As such, neither do people meet the linguistic fluency required to secure opportunities nor do they find an easy yet professional language learning environment.

Therefore, Taleek was founded with a vision to elevate and guide our learners in enhancing their productivity by utilizing our language learning platform. We provide a platform for people to learn various languages through our exclusive experts who work closely with them to analyze their needs and provide solutions to solve challenges. Learning and being fluent in numerous languages would rapidly increase and open new doors of outreach and much more resulting in a better productive and improved life.

We use videos as the main medium of instruction and what makes us unique is our language of instruction. At Taleek we understand the problems faced while learning non-native languages and we’ve proudly removed all those hurdles for you. Our experts teach you the language you seek in your native language. For example, if you’re French and seek to learn Arabic, our experts will teach you Arabic in French. Fun, isn’t it?

Logo
"Knowledge of languages is the doorway to wisdom"
Our ultimate goal is to get you on the journey of endless possibilities. Our mission is not only to bring out the best but to restructure your path, and maintain it alongside so that our learners can have a prosperous and successful life ahead. It’s often the little changes that have the greatest effect.

Look no further than Taleek for the best and authentic language learning leading you to cultural independence. We strongly believe in Prepare now for the solutions of tomorrow and our ultimate goal is to help our learners to prepare and find solutions that would lead them to a prosperous and most importantly, respectful life